feat: add SumoLogic SLI integration 0.15.0 (#148)
keptn-contrib/artifacthub: sumologic-service/0.15.0/README.md

# sumologic-service
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)

> This implements the `sumologic-service` that integrates the [Sumo Logic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumo_Logic) observability platform with Keptn. This enables you to use Sumo Logic as the source for the Service Level Indicators ([SLIs](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/reference/files/sli/)) that are used for Keptn [Quality Gates](https://keptn.sh/docs/concepts/quality_gates/).

Reviewer: Update this link so it points to Keptn 0.18

Author: Since this integration works with 0.15.0, I want to refer to the documentation of the same version.

If you want to learn more about Keptn visit us on [keptn.sh](https://keptn.sh)

Check the issue here for more info: https://github.com/keptn/integrations/issues/20

> **BEFORE YOU START**, please be aware that there are more ways to integrate with your service that don't require creating a service from this template, see https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/integrations/how_integrate/ for more details.

Reviewer: Remove this boilerplate as it doesn't make sense here

Author: Fixed

# Not supported in the query
- `fillmissing`
- `outlier`
- `timeshift`

Why? Because the API does not support `fillmissing` and `outlier`. `timeshift` is supported but you can't write it in the query like `<my-query> | timeshift`. We plan to support `timeshift` in the future ([issue](https://github.com/vadasambar/sumologic-service/issues/1)) but support for `fillmissing` and `outlier` depends on Sumo Logic (can't do anything until Sumo Logic supports it). 

# Rules for using `quantize`
Based on https://help.sumologic.com/Metrics/Metric-Queries-and-Alerts/07Metrics_Operators/quantize#quantize-syntax
1. Use only 1 `quantize` (using `quantize` multiple times in a query leads to error)
2. Use `quantize` immediately after the metric query before any other operator
3. Quantize should be strictly defined as `query | quantize to [TIME INTERVAL] using [ROLLUP]` (this differs from how Sumo Logic quantize works. You need to be explicit here. Dropping [TIME INTERVAL] or `using` or `[ROLLUP]` won't work)  

Why so many rules? Because [Sumo Logic API does not support quantize in the query](https://api.sumologic.com/docs/#operation/runMetricsQueries). We have implemented a wrapper

> which mimics quantize which works well if you adhere to 

Reviewer: If you adhere to .... What?

Author: That's my miss. I will fix it :pray:

Author: Fixed

## Compatibility Matrix

*Please fill in your versions accordingly*

| Keptn Version    | [sumologic-service Docker Image](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service/pkgs/container/sumologic-service) |
|:----------------:|:----------------------------------------:|

> |       0.15.0      | keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service:0.15.0 |

Reviewer: Is this service tested and supported against any new Keptn versions like 0.17 or 0.18?

Author: Not as of now but I plan to support more recent versions.

Author: Removed a line from the boilerplate (not needed)

## Installation

```bash
export ACCESS_ID="<your-sumologic-access-id>" ACCESS_KEY="<your-sumologic-access-key>"
# cd sumologic-service
helm upgrade --install my-sumo sumologic/sumologic   --set sumologic.accessId="${ACCESS_ID}"   --set sumologic.accessKey="${ACCESS_KEY}"   --set sumologic.clusterName="keptn-sumo"

```

> <!-- TODO: Uncomment this after the PR to support switching SLI provider is merged -->

Reviewer: Does this lack of support mean that IF this PR is merged and shown on ArtifactHub, in fact it can't be used UNTIL the `keptn configure monitoring` related PR is merged? In other words, does this PR have a dependency on another first being merged?

Author: Not necessary but I will add some documentation around this because it is not clear how to do it without the `keptn configure monitoring` in the README. i.e., you need to apply the lighthouse config manually for the current released versions of Keptn ([ref 1](https://github.com/vadasambar/sumologic-service/blob/81c225a1182cb4ce5150b3611e19ecdecbf8b34f/examples/kup.sh#L234), [ref 2](https://github.com/vadasambar/sumologic-service/blob/2f0c55d7bbada1482e23deffeb853e24530c9234/examples/quickstart/lighthouse_config.yaml)). It can be argued that we shouldn't release the artifacthub PR until we have merged the PR for `keptn configure monitoring` but if the PR in the main keptn repo is merged, it'll be released with the latest Keptn version of the CLI and I am not sure if that CLI would be fully compatible with 0.15.0 i.e., I don't want to use CLI for say 0.19.x for 0.15.x.

# sumologic-service
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service)

This implements the `sumologic-service` that integrates the [Sumo Logic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumo_Logic) observability platform with Keptn. This enables you to use Sumo Logic as the source for the Service Level Indicators ([SLIs](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.15.x/reference/files/sli/)) that are used for Keptn [Quality Gates](https://keptn.sh/docs/concepts/quality_gates/).
If you want to learn more about Keptn visit us on [keptn.sh](https://keptn.sh)

> Check the issue here for more info: https://github.com/keptn/integrations/issues/20

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more information about the service in the [proposal issue](https://github.com/keptn/integrations/issues/20)
```

Author: Fixed.

# cd sumologic-service
helm install sumologic-service ../helm --set sumologicservice.accessId=${ACCESS_ID} --set sumologicservice.accessKey=${ACCESS_KEY} 

```

**3. Add SLI and SLO**
```bash
keptn add-resource --project="<your-project>" --stage="<stage-name>" --service="<service-name>" --resource=/path-to/your/sli-file.yaml --resourceUri=sumologic/sli.yaml
keptn add-resource --project="<your-project>"  --stage="<stage-name>" --service="<service-name>" --resource=/path-to/your/slo-file.yaml --resourceUri=slo.yaml
```
Example:
```bash
keptn add-resource --project="podtatohead" --stage="hardening" --service="helloservice" --resource=./quickstart/sli.yaml --resourceUri=sumologic/sli.yaml
keptn add-resource --project="podtatohead" --stage="hardening" --service="helloservice" --resource=./quickstart/slo.yaml --resourceUri=slo.yaml
```
Check [./quickstart/sli.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service/release-0.15.0/examples/quickstart/sli.yaml) and [./quickstart/slo.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/keptn-sandbox/sumologic-service/release-0.15.0/examples/quickstart/slo.yaml) for example SLI and SLO. 

> <!-- TODO: Uncomment this after the PR to support switching SLI provider is merged -->

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should wait on this PR before merging the documentation. Also, will this be added to older Keptn versions like 0.15.0 or only to newer ones?

Author: > Maybe we should wait on this PR before merging the documentation.

I did think of this. I have added a paragraph around [how to get around this](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/pull/148/files#diff-e90c6b2e1e5b1faa9db5ffe910589d757297d801f76a00562af89bf4f2aec1dcR53-R64) in the current README. I think the CLI shouldn't block us from releasing this integration because it will take some time before the CLI PR gets merged and we test this integration against the newer Keptn version which has the CLI PR.

 > Also, will this be added to older Keptn versions like 0.15.0 or only to newer ones?

No, only the new ones. The CLI is a convenience for not doing [this](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/pull/148/files#diff-e90c6b2e1e5b1faa9db5ffe910589d757297d801f76a00562af89bf4f2aec1dcR53-R64) manually.

Author: Putting this in artifactory would give this integration more visibility and we can get more users for trying it out (since the integration is still experimental).
